Add RN Replay Privacy page (#11798)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/react-native/session-replay/index.mdx

## Privacy

> The SDK is recording and aggressively masking all text, images and webviews. Please don’t turn it off if you have sensitive data in your app.
> However, if you're working on a mobile app that's free of PII or other types of private data, you can opt out of the default text and image masking settings. To learn more about Session Replay privacy, [read our docs](/platforms/android/session-replay/privacy/).

Reviewer: l: Nit pick because I was initially confused on what to turn off. Probably it's clear enough based on the context even without the suggested change.
```suggestion
The SDK is recording and aggressively masking all text, images and webviews. Please don’t disable masking if you have sensitive data in your app.
However, if you're working on a mobile app that's free of PII or other types of private data, you can opt out of the default text and image masking settings. To learn more about Session Replay privacy, [read our docs](/platforms/android/session-replay/privacy/).
```
